Add CI for model regression tests (#5866)
RasaHQ/rasa: .github/templates/README.md

# gomplate templates for GitHub Actions

This document describes gomplate templates use for GitHub Actions.

## Requirements

You have to have installed [gomplate](https://docs.gomplate.ca/installing/) tool in order to render a template file.

> gomplate is a template renderer which supports a growing list of datastores, such as: JSON (including EJSON - encrypted JSON), YAML, AWS EC2 metadata, BoltDB, Hashicorp Consul and Hashicorp Vault secrets.

> ## Templates

Reviewer: should each section rather be a comment within every file?

Author: I think we can have both :)

> Below you can find a list of templates with description and command to render template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a list of templates with their description and the commands to render them.
```
